Shen Bei Wang Yuanliang angered
The king of Zhenbei has yet to be trained
Qin Ma and the others were loyal to the Qing army
The most important thing now
He punished Qin Fang first
The ivy feast is on today
Fame and fortune all came for the Qing army
Qin Fang is just a grass-roots person
Enable him to learn words in this big school
Challenge top authorities
Ares Yan
You are teaching me to do things
subordinates dare not
I see how ruthless you are
Tang monk warriors treat the people as grass mustard
Still thinking of the Qing army
Minotaur subordinate
Just worry about him.
Here I found the heroes of the Qingping Hospital
Nothing else
Yeah prepare me
Everyone has eyes to watch
It was me who hurriedly molested Zhong Ming Liu's family in front
Yan Zhanshen is also thinking about the overall situation
He also pointed at the Northern Wangmin Sword
I'm curious.
When are people afraid to enter and are prohibited from using drugs there?
When did the king order
It's a weapon to sanction civilians and fight back
cold
You have so much power on you.
Ancient winter is good
If you are sincere about the death of Beijing
Please compare the Jieyang weapons of the world
This Beijing Chinese Society must suit you
I respect you for following the Qing army for many years
It is forced by one party
But I wish you the same
Not at the mercy of others
Since this Qing army has handed over this king's life to you
Prove that I have the strength and your capital
And now you're in front of everyone
Embarrass you one after another
You're not afraid to miss it after the ceremony
I cleared it for you.